#NPCS
tagDailDavoodFactioner=^oDavood the ^wAetherial Interdictor
tagDailHardyFactioner=^oHardy the ^wAetherial Interdictor
tagDailKhalanosFactioner=^oKhalanos the ^wAetherial Interdictor
tagDailThentyZShopping=^oThentyZ The Cenobite Arch Deacon Nomenclature Seat of Elemental Advancement and Naming of Things


#DAIL MERCHANTS
tagDailThentyZShopping0001=^oThentyZ the ^wSoldier ^oEmissary of ^wCrate
tagDailThentyZShopping0002=^oLumera Relendra the ^wDemolitionist ^oEmissary of ^wCrate
tagDailThentyZShopping0003=^oTynor the ^wOccultist ^oEmissary of ^wCrate
tagDailThentyZShopping0004=^oTT300 the ^wNightblade ^oEmissary of ^wCrate
tagDailThentyZShopping0005=^oKhalanos the ^wArcanist ^oEmissary of ^wCrate
tagDailThentyZShopping0006=^oPrincessLuna the ^wShaman ^oEmissary of ^wCrate
tagDailThentyZShopping0007=^o√Åvohaj the ^wNecromancer ^oEmissary of ^wCFTX
tagDailThentyZShopping0008=^oHelskerm the ^wRanger ^oEmissary of ^wCFTX
tagDailThentyZShopping0009=^oMorrolan Edrien the ^wCoronus ^oEmissary of ^wSomerled
tagDailThentyZShopping0010=^oVizZzas HolloW the ^wFangshi ^oEmissary of ^wCFTX
tagDailThentyZShopping0011=^oLordShigan the ^wFrost Knight ^oEmissary of ^wCeno
tagDailThentyZShopping0012=^oSpace Chefke the ^wElementalist ^oEmissary of ^wCeno
tagDailThentyZShopping0013=^oChris Baisan the ^wTerror Knight ^oEmissary of ^w3Jiou
tagDailThentyZShopping0014=^oOkami29 the ^wArch Necromancer ^oEmissary of ^wKir4
tagDailThentyZShopping0015=^oNatATon the ^wIllusionist ^oEmissary of ^wKir4
tagDailThentyZShopping0016=^oJiaco the ^wDefense ^oEmissary of ^wASYLUM101
tagDailThentyZShopping0017=^oMamba the ^wHunting ^oEmissary of ^wASYLUM101
tagDailThentyZShopping0018=^oCyberreefer the ^wSpirit ^oEmissary of ^wASYLUM101
tagDailThentyZShopping0019=^oAdoomgod the ^wWarfare ^oEmissary of ^wASYLUM101
tagDailThentyZShopping0020=^oElfe the ^wNature ^oEmissary of ^wASYLUM101
tagDailThentyZShopping0021=^rPLACEHOLDER the ^wRogue ^oEmissary of ^wASYLUM101
tagDailThentyZShopping0022=^oAzri Kun the ^wEarth ^oEmissary of ^wASYLUM101
tagDailThentyZShopping0023=^rPLACEHOLDER the ^wStorm ^oEmissary of ^wASYLUM101
tagDailThentyZShopping0024=^oDeathbit the ^wDream ^oEmissary of ^wASYLUM101
tagDailThentyZShopping0025=^rPLACEHOLDER the ^wStargazer ^oEmissary of ^wDraonCC
tagDailThentyZShopping0026=^rPLACEHOLDER the ^wPriest ^oEmissary of ^w3Jiou
tagDailThentyZShopping0027=^oRorschachrev the ^wEngineer ^oEmissary of ^wKoba0100
tagDailThentyZShopping0028=^rPLACEHOLDER the ^wCenobite ^oEmissary of ^wCFTX
tagDailThentyZShopping0029=^rPLACEHOLDER the ^wArleqin ^oEmissary of ^wAtrosatiro
tagDailThentyZShopping0030=^rPLACEHOLDER the ^wElwar ^oEmissary of ^wDiacred

#components
dailCompDesc0000000=^pThis is a test item mk?
dailCompText0000000=^oThis feels warm to the ^wtouch, almost familiar ^w(This component fits into all Jewellery slots including the ^wBelt And Shoulder)