#NPCS
tagDailDavoodFactioner=^oDavood the Aetherial Interdictor
tagDailHardyFactioner=^oHardy the Aetherial Interdictor
tagDailKhalanosFactioner=^oKhalanos the Aetherial Interdictor
tagDailThentyZShopping=^oThentyZ The Cenobite Arch Deacon Nomenclature Seat of Elemental Advancement and Naming of Things


#DAIL MERCHANTS
tagDailThentyZShopping0001=^oThentyZ the Soldier Emissary of ^wCrate
tagDailThentyZShopping0002=^oLumera Relendra the Demolitionist Emissary of ^wCrate
tagDailThentyZShopping0003=^oTynor the Occultist Emissary of ^wCrate
tagDailThentyZShopping0004=^oTT300 the Nightblade Emissary of ^wCrate
tagDailThentyZShopping0005=^rKhalanos the Arcanist Emissary of ^wCrate
tagDailThentyZShopping0006=^oPrincessLuna the Shaman Emissary of ^wCrate
tagDailThentyZShopping0007=^r√Åvohaj the Necromancer Emissary of ^wCFTX
tagDailThentyZShopping0008=^rHelskerm the Ranger Emissary of ^wCFTX
tagDailThentyZShopping0009=^rMorrolan Edrien the Coronus Emissary of ^wSomerled
tagDailThentyZShopping0010=^rVizZzas HolloW the Fangshi Emissary of ^wCFTX
tagDailThentyZShopping0011=^rLordShigan the Frost Knight Emissary of ^wCeno
tagDailThentyZShopping0012=^rSpace Chefke the Elementalist Emissary of ^wCeno
tagDailThentyZShopping0013=^rChris Baisan the Terror Knight Emissary of ^w3Jiou
tagDailThentyZShopping0014=^rOkami29 the Arch Necromancer Emissary of ^wKir4
tagDailThentyZShopping0015=^rNatATon the Illusionist Emissary of ^wKir4
tagDailThentyZShopping0016=^rJiaco the Defense Emissary of ^wASYLUM101
tagDailThentyZShopping0017=^rMamba the Hunting Emissary of ^wASYLUM101
tagDailThentyZShopping0018=^rCyberreefer the Spirit Emissary of ^wASYLUM101
tagDailThentyZShopping0019=^rAdoomgod the Warfare Emissary of ^wASYLUM101
tagDailThentyZShopping0020=^rElfe the Nature Emissary of ^wASYLUM101
tagDailThentyZShopping0021=^rPLACEHOLDER the Rogue Emissary of ^wASYLUM101
tagDailThentyZShopping0022=^rPLACEHOLDER the Earth Emissary of ^wASYLUM101
tagDailThentyZShopping0023=^rPLACEHOLDER the Storm Emissary of ^wASYLUM101
tagDailThentyZShopping0024=^rDeathbit the Dream Emissary of ^wASYLUM101
tagDailThentyZShopping0025=^rPLACEHOLDER the Stargazer Emissary of ^wDraonCC
tagDailThentyZShopping0026=^rPLACEHOLDER the Priest Emissary of ^w3Jiou
tagDailThentyZShopping0027=^rRorschachrev the Engineer Emissary of ^wKoba0100
tagDailThentyZShopping0028=^rPLACEHOLDER the Cenobite Emissary of ^wCFTX
tagDailThentyZShopping0029=^rPLACEHOLDER the Arleqin Emissary of ^wAtrosatiro
tagDailThentyZShopping0030=^rPLACEHOLDER the Elwar Emissary of ^wDiacred

#components
dailCompDesc0000000=^pThis is a test item mk?
dailCompText0000000=^oThis feels warm to the touch, almost familiar ^w(This component fits into all Jewellery slots including the Belt And Shoulder)